docs: add azure functions warn (#2092)
unjs/nitro: docs/content/2.deploy/20.providers/azure.md

## Azure Functions

::alert{type="warning"}

> There are several known issues with Azure Function deployments [#48](https://github.com/unjs/nitro-deploys/issues/48).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several known issues with Azure Function deployments. Please see [unjs/nitro#2114](https://github.com/unjs/nitro/issues/2114).
```
